RESUME
Abhilash Krishna. S
Mobile No.: +91-7701962902,9810347128
Email ID: abhilash8145608@gmail.com
Address : BH 722, C (East) Shalimar Bagh, Delhi - 110088
Career Objective
To make a position for myself in the competitive corporate world and contribute to achieving the goals on both
professional and personal level. To work in an environment that challenges me to improve and constantly thrive
for perfection in all the tasks allotted to me.
Academic Qualification
Examination Board /Institution/ University Year of Passing Percentage
Completed Civil Engineering at
B.E (Civil)
Sairam Institute of Technology, 2021 8.492 CGPA
Anna University, Chennai
CBSE 2017 73%
12th
CBSE 2015 10 CGPA
10th
Internship
Completed 3 weeks Internship at NBCC - Re-development of ITPO Complex Integrated Exhibition cum Con- vention
Centre at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
4 weeks Internship at Engineers India Limited on ŌĆ£Basic Concepts of Drinking Water System and Strom Water
Disposal SystemŌĆØ
2 weeks Internship at GMR - Delhi Airport project- Terminal T1-D expansion and new CISF barracks
Project
Final year project on ŌĆ£Reduction of Carbon Footprint with Mud ConcreteŌĆØ
Design project on ŌĆ£Design of Stormwater Drainage System for a small Housing ComplexŌĆØ
Computer Proficiency
’éĘ MS-Word
’éĘ MS-Excel
’éĘ MS-Project
’éĘ PPT
Key Strengths
’éĘ Good communication.
’éĘ Quick and keen learner with ability to imbibe new knowledge with ease and deliver under pressure situ-
ations.
’éĘ Hard working and Enthusiastic
Experience
Planning Engineer
Keller Ground Engineering India Pvt. Ltd. (Jan-25 to present)
Key Project
Piling Contract Services for FAB Building Prof TATA Semiconductor Manufacturing Pvt. Ltd., Dholera
Project Cost : 112.2Cr.
Key Responsibilities
’éĘ Develop project timelines using software like MS Project, or Excel.
’éĘ Create baseline schedules and update them regularly.
’éĘ Identify critical path activities and milestones.
’éĘ Monitor daily, weekly, and monthly progress at the site.
’éĘ Prepare S-curves, bar charts, and histograms to visualize progress.
’éĘ Generate progress reports for clients, consultants, and management.
’éĘ Coordinate with procurement and stores to ensure timely delivery of materials.
’éĘ Liaise with site engineers, project managers, consultants, and clients.
’éĘ Attend site meetings and provide updates on scheduling and planning matters.
’éĘ Coordinate with various departments (e.g., design, procurement, contracts).
’éĘ Identify potential delays and suggest corrective actions.
’éĘ Conduct delay impact analysis and update the schedule accordingly.
’éĘ Prepare recovery schedules if delays occur.
’éĘ Maintain project documentation related to planning and scheduling.
’éĘ Ensure compliance with contract terms, safety regulations, and quality standards
’éĘ Assist in budget preparation and cost estimation.
’éĘ Monitor actual vs. planned costs and prepare variance reports.
QS Engineer (Planning & Billing)
RKEC Projects Ltd., (Aug-23 to Dec-24)
Key Project
CONSTRUCTION OF NEW 4-LANE BRIDGE (2 X 12.5M WIDE TWIN TWO LANE STRUCTURES) OVER
RIVER GANGA AT DOWNSTREAM OF FARAKKA BARRAGE INCLUDING APPROACHES CONNECTING
FARAKKA-RAIGANJ SECTION OF NH-34FROM KM 290.940 (DESIGN CHAINAGE 0.000 KM) TO KM
296.805 (DESIGN CHAINAGE 5.468 KM) IN THE STATE OF WEST BENGAL ON EPC MODE
Project Cost : 521.2Cr.
Key Responsibilities
’éĘ Planning and preparing of work schedule and/or targets to be achieved to ensure a smooth finish of the
project on time with resources available.
’éĘ Preparing documenting reports, like daily/ weekly/ monthly progress report for Head Office, AE/IE &
Client (NHAI).
’éĘ Check and manage all sub-contractors billing.
’éĘ Preparing our SPSs.
’éĘ Calculating quantities and raising material order in time to ensure no hinderance in the planned progress
of work.
’éĘ Inspect project site to monitor progress and adherence to design specification.
Assist sub-contactor with construction details.
Key Achievements
’éĘ Successfully secured EOT of 180 days, by identifying and documenting every small delays avoiding potential
penalties (LD/Liquidated Damages).
’éĘ Maintained positive client relationship and project compliance.
Civil Engineer
Indorama India Pvt Ltd., (Oct-21 to Jun-23)
Key Project
New plant (P3), PCC building, HT substation, RM Store, Cooling Tower, Boiler Foundation, Conveyer Belt foun-
dations.
Project Cost : 30Cr
Key Responsibilities
’éĘ Supervision of installation and construction of foundation, beam, column, slab, staircase, drain lines,
brick bat coba, expansion joint water proofing, GI sheet, puff panel, aluminum partitions and GMP,
shutter & rapid doors.
’éĘ Manage fine finishes of brickwork, plaster, paint, tiles and PU flooring.
’éĘ Preparing and documenting reports, calculating quantities, raising material order, sample and testing of
materials, checking billed quantities of contractors.
’éĘ Inspect project site to monitor progress and adherence to deign specifications.
’éĘ Assist contactor with construction details.
’éĘ Preparing work safety permit before starting work and ensuring a safe working environment.
Key Achievements
’éĘ Zero incidents throughout the project at all sites.
’éĘ Created and maintained a complex inventory of materials of various sites and reduced wastage of mate-
rial by 60Ōäģ.
References
Mr. Balvinder Singh, Vice President, Indorama India Pvt Ltd. (balvinder.singh@indorama.com, +91
98166 53884)
Mr. S. Satish, QS Manager, RKEC Projects Ltd. Farakka. (satish141.s1@gmail.com, +91 9346297433)
Personal Details
FatherŌĆÖs Name : G.Subramanian
Permanent Address : BH-722C East Shalimar bagh, Delhi-110088
Age : 26 years
Gender : Male
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Tamil, Tulu
Declaration:
I certify that above said particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place:Delhi (Abhilash Krishna)
