Lokesh Ledange
• Address:- Ballarpur Maharashtra,India.
• Linkedin:- https://www.linkedin.com/in/lokesh-ledange-132769209
• Email:- lokeshledange@gmail.com
• Contact No:- 8657366064 & 8788378202
• Github :- https://github.com/Lokesh201299
EDUCATION
● BE from Government college of engineering chandrapur, Gondwana University, in year 2022.( CGPA-8.83).
● 12th (HSC) from Guru Nanak College of science Ballarpur in year 2018(63%)
● Matriculation(SSC) from Mahatma Jyotiba Fule High School Ashti in year 2016.(65%)
KEY STRENGTHS
Sincere towards work, Team Spirit, Hardworking, Positive attitude, Quick Learner, Problem solving, Self Confidence
and Good motivator
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools: Power BI and Tableau.
Languages: SQL,Python.
Skills: Advance Excel, PowerPoint Presentation, Power Query, Machine learning.
AREA OF EXPERTISE
● Design many Power BI, Tableau and Excel reports and dashboards.
● Good hands on Power Query, DAX Concepts, data handling and manipulating from various Data Sources.
● Good in handling and working with BI Services and Mobile Layout views, giving access to reports and
dashboards to end users.
PROJECTS:-
Electronics Project:- 1) Smart Waste Management in railway coaches .
Data Analytic Projects:-
Power BI:- 1)Banking Analysis.
2) HR Analytic.
Tableau:- 1)Sales Data Analysis.
2)HR Analytics.
3)PUBG.
INTERNSHIP:-
1)MDB Electrosoft Pvt Ltd.(01/12/2019 to 30/12/2019)
2) Tata Data Visualisation: Empowering Business with Effective Insights Job Simulation on Forage - September
2023
 Completed a simulation involving creating data visualizations for Tata Consultancy Services
 Prepared questions for a meeting with client senior leadership
 Created visuals for data analysis to help executives with effective decision making
3) PwC Switzerland Power BI Job Simulation on Forage - September 2023
 Completed a job simulation where I strengthened my PowerBI skills to better understand clients and their
data visualisation needs.
 Demonstrated expertise in data visualization through the creation of Power BI dashboards that effectively
conveyed KPIs, showcasing the ability to respond to client requests with well-designed solutions.
 Strong communication skills reflected in the concise and informative email communication with
engagement partners, delivering valuable insights and actionable suggestions based on data analysis.
 Leveraged analytical problem-solving skills to examine HR data, particularly focusing on gender-related
KPIs, and identified root causes for gender balance issues at the executive management level, highlighting
a commitment to data-driven decision-making.
LANGUAGES:-
• English
• Hindi
• Marathi
