RAHUL BANKA
Ex - Sales Intern
rahulbanka167@gmail.com | 9312890106 |
Paschim Vihar West, New Delhi-110063
Profile
As a truly talented Ex - Sales Intern at CaratLane A TATA Product, I am eager to embark on a promising
career journey as a Social Media Marketer, aiming to enhance my knowledge and skills while contributing
to the organisation as well as pursuing personal growth.
Academics Experience
Completed B.A. Programme (English) from Sales Intern
Satyawati (Regular) college, North campus, CaratLane A TATA Product
Delhi University. From July’19 to June’24. Performed all the morning and evening duties of
Scoring successfully 5.848 as Grand CGPA in karatmeter, job sheet (inward and outward), jewellery
Second division. counting and replenishing.
Finished schooling from Ryan International Assisted JCs in customer dealing and other formalities.
school, Rohini and procured 8.2 CGPA in Understood, read and explained plans and policies of
standard 10 and 80.75% in standard 12. CaratlLane to the clients.
Did calling and took timely follow ups.
Achievements
Learned about softwares, numerous parameters,
Invited enough customers and lead to collections and designs.
conversion within a month at CaratLane. Pocketed in-depth knowledge of gold and diamonds.
Gave a good overall performance in an In the middle jewellery cleaning and weighing works
extremely new retail line. were always on the list.
Aug’25 - Sept’25
Could bear sufficient bookings and queries to
All Rounder Employee of a Travel Agency
TDC.
The Dream Company Hospitality Services
Won Inter-class bulletin-board decoration
TDC being a startup showered all kinds of works.
competition multiple times in school.
Sales being the most important department pulled me
Cleared tough olympiads of school.
into calling, following the whole further procedure.
Artworks of mine were displayed in school
Being creative, was given alike works such as office-
magazine as well as in exhibitions.
decoration, visiting card-making and questionnaire-
Perfect Skills making.
Ran an ad campaign of Canva creatives for 3 months.
Creativity
Completed a project of website dummy upgradation and
Decoration
beautification wholeheartedly.
Content Making
In the end, Instagram handle was also handed to market
Content Writing
digitally.
Nov’24 - Feb’25
Communication (English)
Training and Teaching
Have also thrown a few creative startups and currently
Critical Thinking
running an own social media business handle. In the
middle headed to and tried father’s occupation also.
