SHARNABASSU
+91 8867950740
sharnanabassuc@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE:-
To obtain an interesting and challenging opportunity in the area of academics and provide my best
efforts towards growth of the organization.
EDUCATION:-
Qualification Institution University/Board Year of passing Percentage
Bachelor of Engineering P.D.A College of Autonomous 2017 7.3
Engineering
(Electrical&Electronics)
Kalaburagi.
Diploma NV’St.Polytechnic Department of Technical 2014 73.00%
Kalaburagi. Education Bengaluru
(Electrical&Electronics)
S.S.L.C Pragati High School KSEEB 2011 61.2%
Tq;: Aland Kalaburagi.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:-
 Technical Support
 Digital Marketing, Keyword research
 Seo (search engine optimization)
 Social Media marketing
 Marketing communication
 System Configuration
 Software Installation
 Data Analytics
 Troubleshooting Technical Issues
 Network Hardware and Software Maintenance
 Hardware and Software Installation
 IT Support
 Packages : MS Office.
 Operating Systems : Windows XP,Windows 7,Windows 10.
 Tools : Auto-CAD,Canva,pintrest,Google Analytics ,Word press,Semrush
 Programming language : C language,HTML
 Technical troubleshooting: This pertains to proficiency in diagnosing and resolving hardware and
software issues to ensure the smooth functioning of desktop systems.
 Hardware and software installation and configuration: This relates to your ability to install, configure
and upgrade desktop hardware components and software applications.
 Operating system support: Expertise in supporting system setups and user account management is
often useful in this role.
 Active directory and exchange administration: Familiarity with managing user accounts, security
groups and email accounts can benefit desktop support engineers.
 Network connectivity: Individuals with these skills have knowledge of troubleshooting network
connectivity issues, including IP configuration, DNS resolution and network protocols.
 Remote desktop support: This relates to skills for remotely accessing and troubleshooting desktop
systems to resolve issues and provide technical assistance to users.
PROJECTS:-
Title : SOLAR POWER GENERATION.
Role : Leaded a group of 6 members for the project.
Description : SOLAR POWER GENERATION project was completed in 2011 for the completion
of DIPLOMA in NV’S. Polytechnic Kalaburagi and submitted to DTE Bengluru.
Title : ''Development of Grass Cutting Machine by Robotics"'
Role : Leaded a group of 4 members for the project.
Description :Successfully Completed the Graduation project on '' Grass Cutting Machine by Robotic
Technology, project aimed to operate Grass cutting Machine automatically without Human Interference
by using robots mechanized within it.
SEMINARS /PRESENTATIONS GIVEN:-
 Given a Seminar on “POWER FROM SOLAR” on August 2011 in NV’S Polytechnic Kalaburagi.
WORKSHOPS/SEMINARS ATTENDED:-
 Attended a workshop on “Advanced Industrial Technical Skills”. Conducted by TEQIP in
PDACE.Kalaburagi.
 Attended a Workshop on “Electrical CAD” conducted by CANTAR CAD Hyderabad in PDACE
Kalaburagi.
 Attented a workshop on “ARDUINO AND RASBERRY-PI TECHOLOGIES” conducted by SKADA
technologies Pune in PDACE Kalaburagi.
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS:-
 Winner of various Sports and Quiz competitions in School/College level Conducted by Various
Institutions.
INTERESTS:-
 Reading News Papers.
 Watching Political Debates and collecting information about various political activities in and
across India.
 Playing Cricket.
PERSONAL DETAILS:-
Permanent Address : H no-11-436/1, Samata colony
Brahmpur Kalaburagi-585103
Languages Known : English,Hindi,Kannada.
Date of Birth : 23rd November 1993.
Working Experience;-
1) I have worked as senior technician cum network support Engineer in sree secure solutions Bangalore
From April 2024 to August 2024
-supervising the staff and configuration of cctv
-Troubleshooting and maintenance of cctv
-Customer service
2) Worked as Network operation Engineer level 1 in Activeline private limited from June 2024 to October 2024
Responsibilites are Network Monitoring,Alert handling ,performance for customer network and customer support
3)Worked as Electrical supervisor in 2M Associates Bangalore from October 2024 to till date
Roles I have handled is Designing and implementing work schedules for the electrical staf f.
Providing motivation and assistance when necessary.
Inspecting and assessing the work done by the electrical staff.
Reading and interpreting design schematics to ensure the proper installation of electrical systems.
Troubleshooting major system failures and equipment malfunctions.
Overseeing the purchasing and maintenance of the electrical equipment on-site.
Ensuring the work is completed on schedule
4)worked as SEO intern at To-Let globe Business solution for 2 months
5)Currently working as SEO intern at Maven Web Marketing Bihar from Feb 14 2025 till date
